Save the channel guys and leandro gomes
with one more video brings the game product
chan
first of all I'll ask you
subscribe to youtube channel
sign up help me slaughter thou
subscribers and more
chile also facebook page
facebook.com baheen productive and join
clear the game site sneaks the chan
point as beauty
so let's what banks here to launch
It's a challenge for you first to talk about
news and after any challenge
today's news
Microsoft will launch in a game
to learn programming is
that's right
according to the site right?
The game there has levels at which the
player he has to discover fragment
of the code that is missing
and as the player discovers it
students to me he goes from level to
and if he makes the code there
structured it also earns points
extras
second still the site is possible to learn
or judging in java or can play and with
both languages
still according to the site works in all
browsers including ipad and
can also challenge your friends or
Click here to stay here
here in the description of the subject leaves the
the description of the video to the site
the website is the site to play you can
do it like that
on account of microsoft and yahoo facebook
and even google and it 's quite simple you go
click here
here is even a link with the best
code hunters
here the staff with the punctuation is still
I did not play playing here the first time.
with you, to see what it's like to
download and kim
although there back to the cell will not return
Here, then, let's see how
works here has decisions
anyone who wants to know that captures the code
is in English but nothing that a translator
solve it or even for those who already know
beauty and will learn there will give a
click to see how this works
stop
there you already choose here jamil
choose your preferred language or
language of preference do not know can
be one of those stops in English but I
come here choose close
and then you enter here in the tutorial o paulo
he has here in total, just click
initializing training and here it is
speaking welcome to 1 by the application
Experiment runs the ranking and speaks there
in the voice coming to you you can come in and
you have to help restore the
secret code something like that with the
fragments I will enter into this merit of
production he wishes good luck
although here see how the game works
located right on me in the program here
the code is
here is the capture code that is the button
is to capture a code and then it goes
run the code has nothing here it
returns 0 returned to here says what
It's missing so that you can get there.
condition and putting the code is possible
arrive in the condition in case and fish if for
equal to 1 return - or if they do not return
zero and then it returns the value of x
the value of the result and the expected value
Beauty you spend proposing next
and there is the next case here if x for
equal to 2 return 2
the director - 2 excuse and here's the case
Bring trains and beauty
he makes clear that there are solutions
ready you're still here the cream already
earn 30 points can there share in
social network
You liked this video click on
liked it
share and post there in the comments
with your score if you are
in the top of the ranking beauty one was worth up to
next video and do not forget to
with the goal of enrolled and the goal of
facebook lax is the next video